# AdventureAsset
Code base for the adventure game, consists of two major systems that are easy to use, change or build on top of them:

Interaction system Every interactable object in the game implements Interactable interface. To ease usage of it and prevent dublicating code from one interactable to another, BaseInteractable object was created. It implements basic logic every interactable is supposed to have, such as: displaying interactable name in the widget, set text of interaction to widget popup that tells player what button he is supposed to press to interact with it. BaseInteractable has an array of other interactable Actors that it activates by default (if you do not override Interact method in your child class). Player side logic of interacting with interactables is Interaction Component. Interaction component binds two events from its owner class: OnActorBeginOverlap and OnActorEndOverlap. Both events are used to keep track of interactables around the player. To control the radius of players reach for interactables I have created sphere collider on the player, and created two Object Types and Collision Presets (layers). Sphere collider on the player has an Object Type of PlayerInteractSphere which generates overlap events only with Object Type Interactable (which every interactable mesh should be if you want that interactable to be usable by player).
Interact Component event tick loops through all the interactables in players range and tries to at which object player is currently looking. That object is then set as Selected Interactable. Interact Component then tells Selected Interactable to Display its widget (shows the name of interactable) and displays Interaction widget. There is an "interact" input action event in player character that that, if pressed- interacts with Selected Interactable.

Interactable can have its own logic, like Door, SwapColorTile or HintTrigger or activate other Interactable Actors like DoorSwitch or SwapPuzzleManager.

Inventory system To keep things easier I have decided to create BaseItem class which inherits from BaseInteractable. BaseItem has two new variables that store all important information about the item: Data (which is of type ItemStructure, has bunch of variables that allow making simple items) and amount, which is how many items are in this pick up. When Interacting with an Item, item gets a reference to an interacting actor and tries to get Inventory Component from that interacting actor. (it is needed as all picking up logic is written in there, obviously). if actor does have it, it will try to add it to Inventory,else, nothing will happen. If Adding to inventory is successful, item will be destroyed. Afterwards, player can open and check its inventory by pressing "Inventory" action mapping (which is I button on keyboard). There is not logic for deleting or using items YET except for option to click on the item. When clicking on the item it will open a widget called WBItemNote. Widget will show the description of the item (the logic of creating this widget is in the WBInventorySlot. NOTE if player is running with open inventory and picks up items, they will not show in the inventory, you will have to reopen it for items to appear, I am currently working on that.
